{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling1\cocoaplatform1{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 .SFUI-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 .SFUI-Regular;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 .SFUI-RegularItalic;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red17\green17\blue17;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c6700\c6700\c6700;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl250\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs30 \cf2 Title:
\f1\b0  
\f2\i Freeing the Body from Hypervigilance, Reclaiming the Right to Eat in Peace
\f1\i0 \
\

\f0\b Estimated Duration:
\f1\b0  20\'9625 minutes\

\f0\b Mode:
\f1\b0  Ultra-guided \'96 Soothing and nurturing tone\

\f0\b Recommended Soundscape:
\f1\b0  Rustling leaves, gentle river sounds in the background\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs24 \cf0 \
\uc0\u11835 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl250\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs30 \cf2 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl250\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 Induction \'96 Entering the Inner Safe Space
\f1\b0\fs30 \
\
Make yourself comfortable\'85\
And take a moment to feel the contact between your body and the surface beneath you\'85\
The points of support\'85 under your back\'85 your legs\'85 your head\'85\
Maybe you can even feel the softness of a cushion, a blanket, or a pleasant piece of clothing\'85\
\
And as you listen to the sound of my voice, I\'92ll invite you to gently place both hands on your belly\'85\
Just to say to your body: 
\f2\i \'93I\'92m here. I\'92m listening. I\'92m with you.\'94
\f1\i0 \
\
You don\'92t have to do anything\'85 or prove anything\'85\
Just breathe\'85\
Breathe calmly\'85\
At your own pace\'85\
\
And already, with each breath, something inside you starts to slow down.\
You can imagine yourself\'85 like a lake stirred by the wind\'85\
And slowly, the wind settles\'85\
And so does the lake\'85\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs24 \cf0 \
\uc0\u11835 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl250\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs30 \cf2 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl250\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 Dissociation Phase \'96 Leaving the Mind, Returning to the Body
\f1\b0\fs30 \
\
As you breathe\'85\
I\'92ll invite you to imagine\'85 that you are looking at your body as if you were standing beside it\'85\
As if you could observe this version of yourself\'85 tense\'85 on high alert\'85\
And you can notice\'85 where the tension is held\'85\
Is it in your belly? Your throat? Your chest?\
\
Look at this version of you with tenderness\'85\
She\'92s doing her best, you know.\
She\'92s endured\'85 carried\'85 absorbed\'85\
For a long time.\
\
And today\'85 you\'92re helping her to set that down for a while\'85\
To release the weight\'85\
Because it\'92s too much. Too much tension. Too many demands. Too many unspoken things.\
\
And gently\'85 you can place your hand on the area of your body that needs comfort most.\
As if soothing a tired child.\
And you say silently: 
\f2\i \'93It\'92s over for today. You have the right to let go.\'94
\f1\i0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs24 \cf0 \
\uc0\u11835 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl250\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs30 \cf2 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl250\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 Working Phase \'96 Reconnecting the Body with Nourishment
\f1\b0\fs30 \
\
Now, I\'92d like you to imagine\'85 a very special place.\
A place where you can eat without being watched\'85 without being judged\'85 without having to pretend.\
A quiet place\'85 maybe a clearing\'85 a wooden table under a tree\'85 or even a sunlit terrace.\
And in this place\'85 there\'92s no disturbing noise. No tension.\
Just the feeling that\'85 here\'85 you can breathe.\
\
And there, in front of you, is a small dish. Nothing overwhelming. Just something simple\'85\
Some soft mashed food\'85 a piece of fruit\'85 a light soup\'85\
Something your body could accept\'85 even just a little\'85\
\
And as you approach it\'85 you realize this dish doesn\'92t demand anything from you.\
It\'92s just there.\
Like a hand reaching out.\
Like a symbol.\
A way of saying: 
\f2\i \'93You are allowed to receive.\'94
\f1\i0 \
\
You can imagine taking a small bite\'85\
And feel that your body, this time\'85 doesn\'92t say no.\
It doesn\'92t tense up.\
Because it senses\'85 that it\'92s safe.\
\
And if you want, you can even visualize this bite moving down into your body like a soft light\'85\
A light that gently flows down\'85 and begins to soothe the knotted stomach\'85\
Helping it to relax\'85 little by little\'85\
As if the alarm system inside you were slowly powering down\'85\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs24 \cf0 \
\uc0\u11835 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl250\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs30 \cf2 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl250\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 Symbolic Phase \'96 Freeing the Stomach from Fear
\f1\b0\fs30 \
\
Now I\'92d like you to imagine\'85 that your stomach is like a locked door.\
And behind that door\'85 are all the fears you\'92ve stored:\
Fear of losing control,\
Fear of being judged,\
Fear of suffocating\'85\
\
But today\'85 you have the key.\
And that key is your right to calm.\
Your right to say: 
\f2\i \'93I am not the problem. This environment no longer suits me.\'94
\f1\i0 \
\
And if you gently open that door\'85\
You can let those fears go\'85\
Let them fly away\'85\
Like birds taking flight.\
And with every fear that flies off\'85 your stomach softens a little more.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs24 \cf0 \
\uc0\u11835 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl250\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs30 \cf2 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl250\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 Positive Anchoring \'96 Creating a Resource of Safety
\f1\b0\fs30 \
\
Now, imagine that in your belly\'85 a flower begins to grow.\
A flower both strong and soft.\
It represents your right to peace.\
Your right to say no.\
Your right to choose what\'92s good for you.\
\
And every time you place your hands on your belly\'85\
You\'92ll be able to feel this flower\'85\
As a reminder:\
You don\'92t have to swallow everything.\
Not the words forced upon you,\
Not the meals that disgust you,\
Not the situations that hurt you.\
\
You can choose\'85 a different path.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs24 \cf0 \
\uc0\u11835 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl250\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs30 \cf2 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl250\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 Return Phase \'96 Coming Back with a Message
\f1\b0\fs30 \
\
And now, in a moment\'85 I\'92ll count from 5 to 1\'85\
And with each number, you\'92ll come back here\'85\
With the sense that something has gently loosened\'85\
That you\'92ve reclaimed a piece of your inner space.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl250\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 5\'85
\f1\b0  becoming aware again of your body\'85 the place where you are\'85\

\f0\b 4\'85
\f1\b0  sensing your breath is a little deeper\'85\

\f0\b 3\'85
\f1\b0  starting to move your hands, your feet\'85\

\f0\b 2\'85
\f1\b0  keeping the sensation of the flower in your belly\'85\

\f0\b 1\'85
\f1\b0  and returning here, now, with a fresh breath.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs24 \cf0 \
\uc0\u11835 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl250\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs30 \cf2 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl250\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 Final Message Integrated into the Session:
\f1\b0\fs30 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl250\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 \'93I don\'92t have to adapt to an environment that is destroying me.\
My body deserves peace.\
My appetite will return with my safety.\
And each day, I give myself permission to breathe a little more.\'94}